what's up guys max bomb if I here and
today i'll be bringing you guys a quick
tutorial showing you guys how to put to
use the pulse notification light on your
Samsung Galaxy Nexus and that you should
find that light right under the the
devices Super AMOLED display now please
excuse me if I make any mistakes with
the pronounced not pronunciation but the
names of programs and applications on
this device because I'm kind of new to
the full android based operating system
now what you want to do is you want to
boot up into the phone I'm just going to
log in right there now the purpose of
this tutorial is to for you guys to be
able to apply different or assign
different lights to different
notifications such as missed calls or
text messages or even your emails
there's a lot of different notifications
on this phone and I'll get to that in a
second first of all you just want to go
to your settings now now that I am in my
settings I'm just going to go to about
phone and show you guys that I am
running 4.1 jelly bean now the colors
are kind of messed up on my screen right
here i'm looking at a red jelly bean
whereas on the camera it's orange for
some reason anyways um since you guys
are in the settings you want to go to
the device tab and click on display once
you're in display you just want to check
the last box which is pulsing
notification light again this might vary
depending on what firmware you're using
if you're using the stock ice cream
sandwich it might vary that's all now
you want to go to your home screen from
your home screen click on the app page
and you want to find your Play Store or
your app store in here you want to go to
the search bar and you want to hit light
flow or search lights will already have
it saved over there you should get up to
results by these same developer rage
consulting I'm just going to work with
the free version right now or the lite
version if you want some more user
customizable options you might want to
go with the 299 version like a like I
said I'm going to be working with the
free version I haven't actually tested
the
the paid version at as of right now
anyways once you click on that you want
to go ahead and install the application
and then open it now I'm just going to
clear the application out of my recent
apps I'm going to open up fresh this
should be the main menu what you're
going to be looking at depending on
which update your on um you got your
settings volume tools notification and
notifications and more apps today we're
just going to be working with the
notifications once you click on the
notifications you should be you should
be on this page without you have an
array of different colors you have green
yellow red blue all of that and each of
these colors are assigned to a different
notification like for green I have it
assigned to both my gmail accounts red I
have it for missed call and low battery
and he got sky blue for my text messages
and stuff like that now today we're just
going to be working on the missed calls
notification when you're in the note
you're going to have a couple tabs I
believe six tabs or is going to be
working with the first tooth day because
we don't have that much time
notifications you want to enable the
notification and you can customize any
one of these options to your personal
liking I personally like the pulldown
notification bar to cancel the
notification so firstly I get missed
call notification i could just turn my
phone on pull down the notification bar
and it will cancel the periodic blinking
by the post notification light now you
want to go into your lights you can
enable the light well that's what this
full tutorial is about you want to
enable the light want to go to your
notification color over here you can
select the different colors you want you
can even customize your own color if you
kind of sick of the preset colors and
this can be HSV RGB and a hex code for a
specific color what I like about this is
all you can also change the duration of
this notification right now habits that
the five minutes you don't really want
to have this notification on for too
long mainly because it's a factory where
it's draining your back your battery LED
flash rate I like to have it on fast so
I can take a quick glance of my phone on
my desk and I could tell whether I have
a notification or not notification call
i'm just going to go ahead and select
red because it cancelled it for some
reason now i'm going to go back to my
home screen I want to go ahead and dial
the phone is going to put it asleep and
i'm going to dial a phone
for my home phone and I'm just going to
show you this light working now you're
going to see the white light up first
tell me that I have a incoming call but
for the OP hold on i'll explain to you a
second and there's disconnected the call
all right the white light should just be
for incoming calls and booting up into
the operating system because those are
the preset ones by android now if you
look if you look at the top left hand
corner it turned off but as you can see
the red light is blinking and i have it
on the fast setting so that's what you
should expect periodically anyways if i
go into my phone and I look at the top
left hand corner of my screen that I do
have a notification over there telling
me that I have a job missed call if I
just boot into the phone go to the note
no go to the notification bar and get
rid of that notification i turn the
phone off as you can see the red light
is not blinking anymore now the sap is a
good this is a great app for your Galaxy
Nexus especially because it has that a
neat little feature with that light if
you have other phones um I mean since
this is on the android market and the
google play market this should work with
pretty much essentially any phone that
has a notification light or an RGB
notification light so that basically
concludes my video if you have any
questions or comments please put it in
the comments section below I'll try my
best to answer it like I said I'm not
too I still don't know my way around the
Android operating system it's still
pretty new to me I've only had this
phone for a week and that's about it
guys thanks for watching and don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe see